[music playing]
That was my idea, to put an
American Ninja Warrior thing up
in the parking lot.
One of my favorite shows
to watch this summer
was American Ninja Warrior.
I loved it so much, I asked
them to build it right here
in the parking lot.
Allison Janney and
Anna Faris are here!
How do you think
you're going to do?
How do you feel?
I think I'm going to do great.
I hope I can land somewhere
in between great and OK.
Everyone got hurt.
[applause]
[laughter]
What happened to you?
I had tennis elbow
for a year from that.
From that?
From pulling myself
up that wall.
I went up that wall, grabbed
on, and the whole shoulder-elbow
thing just--
That's nothing.
[laughter]
Derek, one of our producers,
tore his Achilles heel.
And what happened
to you, tWitch?
I tore my meniscus.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, everybody got--
What were we thinking?
I know.
But it was a good
idea for the moment.
[laughter]
Everyone did it before me
to make sure it was safe,
and everyone got hurt.
[laughter]
And they wouldn't
allow me to do it.
And it was my idea.
[music playing]